docs: added documentation for CTooltip component (#117)
chakra-ui/chakra-ui-vue: packages/chakra-ui-docs/docs/tooltip.mdx

import Vue from 'vue'
import LiveEditor from '../components/LiveEditor'
import Code from '../components/CodeBlock'
import SEO from '../components/SEO'

import { CTooltip, CIcon, CButton, CStack } from '@chakra-ui/vue'
Vue.component('CTooltip', CTooltip)
Vue.component('CIcon', CIcon)
Vue.component('CButton', CButton)
Vue.component('CStack', CStack)

<SEO
  title="Tooltip"
  description="A tooltip is a brief, informative message that appears when a user interacts with an element. Tooltips are usually initiated in one of two ways: through a mouse-hover gesture or through a keyboard-hover gesture."
/>

# Tooltip

A tooltip is a brief, informative message that appears when a user interacts with an element. Tooltips are usually initiated in one of two ways: through a mouse-hover gesture or through a keyboard-hover gesture.

The Tooltip component follows the [WAI-ARIA](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#tooltip) Tooltip Pattern.

## Import

<br />
<Code
lang="js"
code={`import { CTooltip } from "@chakra-ui/vue";
`}
/>

## Usage

> If the children of `CTooltip` is a string, we wrap with in a `span` with `tab-index` set to 0, to ensure it meets the accessibility requirements.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the child of `CTooltip` is a string, we wrap it inside a span and set the `tab-index` attribute to `0`  to ensure it meets the accessibility requirements.
```

### Props

| Name                 | Type                 | Default  | Description                                                                           |
| -------------------- | -------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `isOpen`             | `boolean`            |          | If `true`, the tooltip is shown.                                                      |
| `defaultIsOpen`      | `boolean`            |          | If `true`, the tooltip is initially shown.                                            |
| `label`              | `string`             |          | The label of the tooltip.                                                             |
| `aria-label`         | `string`             |          | An alternate label for screen readers.                                                |
| `placement`          | `PopperJS.Placement` | `bottom` | Position the tooltip relative to the trigger element as well as surrounding elements. |
| `children`           | `Vue.VNode`          |          | The `VNode` to be used as the trigger of the tooltip.                                 |

> | `hasArrow`           | `boolean`            |          | If `true` display an arrow tip on the tooltip.                                        |

Reviewer: Let's remove this `children` from the props table.

React uses `children` where Vue uses slots. So we don't need to add a children prop for any of our component docs.

So we can represent this by adding a **Slots** table. See example shown in the badge component docs:
https://github.com/chakra-ui/chakra-ui-vue/blob/dev/docs/packages/chakra-ui-docs/docs/badge.mdx#slots

| `showDelay`          | `number`             |          | The delay in `ms` for the tooltip to show                                             |
| `hideDelay`          | `number`             |          | The delay in `ms` for the tooltip to hide                                             |
| `closeOnClick`       | `boolean`            |          | If `true` hide the tooltip, when the trigger is clicked.                              |
| `shouldWrapChildren` | `boolean`            |          | If `true`, the tooltip will wrap the children in a `span` with `tabIndex=0`           |

### Events

> | Name     | Type       | Default | Description                             |

Reviewer: Nice work with this Kelvin.

For the Events table instead of type, let's use `Payload` type which is the type of the data that the event emits. In this case, we don't emit anything for the `CTooltip` so we can just put a dash here indicating nothing. (`-`)/

We can also drop the **Default** column from the events table.
Otherwise nice work 👍

Author: Okay
